Add cross-database grants limitation to Redshift datasharing (#9052)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/local/connect-data-platform/redshift-setup.md

Take note of the following limitations when using `datasharing`:

- Creating views (including materialized views) in another database is not supported.

> - Grants on objects in another database are not supported.

Reviewer: @tauhid621 what do you think of this revision?
```suggestion
- Cross-database grants on objects are not supported.
```

Author: Makes sense @luna-bianca .
